Let my mother teach you a good lesson
What's wrong with the villain?
Come on, get up.
What's wrong with him?
He thought badly about the bear toy my dad bought me
i
So I gave him a push.
It's okay, it's okay.
Make your son apologize
Hmph, so this little beast has a mother
Your daughter pushed my son first
If you want to apologize, you apologize
Are you being unreasonable?
It was your son who ripped my daughter's teddy bear.
Why should we apologize?
Yes, yes, I don't apologize, what?
Just a broken toy
Besides, what do you care about as an adult and a child?
How interesting are you?
What about you? Didn't you say you were going to hit my daughter?
How are you?
I'd love to. Can you handle it?
Anyway, your daughter pushed my son first.
I have to apologize to my son.
I hit him in the face.
I said it is indeed your son who should apologize to others
It's your son who steals other people's toys
Yeah, if the child makes a mistake
The child will be useless in the future
What does it have to do with you how my son is?
I would love to pay for the child
nosy
Do you apologize?
Life is about your son apologizing
Be stubborn, right?
I'd like to see if you have a hard mouth
Or I slap hard